Hey.
Who's that?
You can trust him.
The uh.
the place is under construction.
so don't worry about any alarms.
If I hear anything go out
on the radio.
I'll head it off.
I got a bad feeling about this.
man.
Didn't frank pass in this job?
I need the money. Kevin.
We're in.
Let's go.
Jackpot!
That's what we came for.
What the fuck is that?
It's a motion sensor.
43-17.
43-18.
Possible code 5 burglary
in progress
at the cash house.
Any units in the vicinity?
What do we do now?
If a call went out.
I'm sure zwick got it.
I can't get caught. man.
April...
I'm all she got.
What... what do we do?
Kev... kev. it's gonna be okay.
Your sister's gonna be fine.
But let's get a move on.
Pack up that stuff
and take it to the Van.
I got this.
Dispatch. this is DC 11.
I'm in the area.
I'll swing by.
4317. copy?
I'm almost 97th.
Three minutes out.
Shit!
Zwick. what you got?
This one's dead.
What the fuck. man?
You shot him!
Put your hands up on your head!
You piece of shit!
Do it now!
Come on. turn around.
Let's go.
Now. listen to me
very carefully. Miller.
Your friend had a gun.
He shot twice at me.
And I defended myself.
Do I have that right?
Fuck you!
Think of Beth and the baby.
Okay.
Let's go.
Prison Open two!
Welcome to the world.
We gonna get you back
on your feet.
I need a locksmith.
Figured I could get you set up.
Except I'm a felon.
They took my cert.
You know that.
Oh. we'll put you down
as handyman on the books
for your po.
Just until you get sorted.
Whatever it takes.
I just want to make things
right with Beth and Lindsay.
Did you ever tell them what
really went down that night?
Say hello to
your new accommodations.
There's a shower next
to the shitter in the back.
Man. you have no idea
how happy I am to hear that.
I think you two have met before.
You kidding me?
Yeah.
What?
I thought this thing would be
a bunch of spare parts by now.
Man. I kept it running for you.
Kept it just the way
you like it. dents and all.
Even added a few new ones.
Thank you. frank.
Something else.
This is my old phone.
I got you a cheap plan.
You pay the first every month.
And uh. here's an advance.
Lock up after you leave.
Hey frank. what's up with April?
As far as I know.
she stayed
in that foster care situation.
I took my stab at being
mentor material
to you and Kevin.
You see how that worked out.
Uh. after the trial.
I reached out to her.
She didn't seem interested
in staying in touch.
Alright.
Don't burn down the place.
I won't.
This is Fisher.
Hi Beth.
Miller?
I just got out.
Can we meet?
Can I see Lindsay?
Hi.
Hi Lindsay.
You're sticking to me.
Say hello.
Hi.
Let's sit down.
Yeah. thanks.
Oh my gosh!
Lindsay. you're so big.
What are you in like.
fifth grade now?
Sixth.
Ah. sixth.
Hey linds.
why don't you go over to Rosie.
and grab us a few slices of pie.
Yeah?
Any flavor you want.
I'll pick.
You pick. you choose.
Okay.
You look great. Beth.
Miller.
What?
What is this?
What do you mean?
This is lunch.
Right.
Two slices of lemon meringue.
And what does your dad like?
I'm not sure.
And what are we doing meeting
here of all places?
Oh. we used to come here
all the time.
So.
I just had good memories here.
Right.
Something about those nights
sitting up at that counter.
Waiting for you to finish
your shift.
And I remember coming back
and having to work doubles
after you went inside.
I'm sorry.
Miller. I'm here for Lindsay.
You know...
I came to see if I can
let our daughter
have a relationship with you.
I'm her father.
Not for the last 10 years.
This is no excuse
but 10 years ago.
I was afraid I couldn't provide
for you guys.
And so I fucked up.
I made a really. really
bad decision.
A really bad decision.
Jesus.
Kevin died.
Look.
I want you to spend time
with her. okay?
I really do.
So. I...
I need to know that you're not
gonna abandon her again.
She can't handle that.
What do I have to do
to prove it to you?
Stick around.
A lunch date isn't enough.
You got to be patient.
It's been 10 years.
I get it.
You've been in there.
Nothing to do
but think about who you have
on the outside.
And then you get on the outside
and you realize that
everybody else has been
moving on.
Except for you.
Except me?
What do you mean except me?
You see this empire I've built?
No. I just mean that you
didn't turn your back on me.
No. I'd never turn my back
on you.
Beth moved on
and you fucked up bad.
Thanks. frank.
I mean real bad.
Yeah. I get it.
She bounced back all by herself.
She doesn't need you.
But if you're patient.
if you keep your nose clean.
if you're good to Lindsay.
and if you take care
of yourself.
someday she might remember
what you two used to have
and want just a little bit
of that back.
Man. when'd you get so deep?
I'm just a man who made
a lot of mistakes in life.
Rise and shine. good behavior.
You got a job.
Okay.
You're the locksmith?
You called us. didn't you?
That's cute.
These digital locks.
they're the best. right?
Definitely.
And I can change the code
whenever I want?
I guess.
You think you
could do a few more units?
Yeah. I got more stock in here.
Great.
Let's get it going.
So. all these rentals are yours?
Yeah.
With tenants coming and going.
it'll be nice just to be able
to reset some codes.
Looks like business is good.
You know.
you came highly recommended.
Well. there's not a lock
that frank can't fix.
No. not frank.
Miller. right?
Miller Graham.
Yeah.
Someone referred you.
I doubt it. man.
I just started.
No.
April reyes.
this girl that works for me.
she said you were good
and I thought.
"good locksmith?"
What the fuck does that mean?
April works for you?
Mm-hmm.
And she lives right over here.
I give her a break on the rent.
She a friend of yours?
Yeah.
I used to know her.
Well. you must have left quite
an impression.
I'm looking for a locksmith.
Think you can help me out?
No. sorry I'm just a handyman.
But I'll see if frank's in.
What about that job
I just got you?
April?
You didn't recognize me.
I just uh...
Damn.
You're...
What... an adult?
All grown up. yeah.
Thanks for getting me that job.
Kevin would have wanted
to see you
get back on your feet.
So. what are you up to
now that you're out?
You're looking at it.
No more safe cracking?
No.
That's a mistake
I won't make again.
That's too bad.
I heard you were pretty good
at it.
Yeah. people talk.
Oh. come on.
You were good.
You were really good.
I was okay.
Okay?
Alright.
I was pretty fucking great.
Well. for jobs like that.
it must be really hard
to find a good partner. right?
Someone you can trust entirely.
I wish I never brought him
there that night.
I'm not talking about Kevin.
I need money. Miller.
Bad.
Are you in some kind of trouble
or something?
I'll tell you if you say
you'll help me get out of it.
You know I'd do anything
for you.
Hey!
Hey. wait a sec.
No. people always say
they'll do anything for you
right before they tell you
why they won't do anything.
April. the shit I was doing.
it's the kind
of stuff people do.
when they're trying
to cut corners.
And I promise it catches up
with you.
I did time for it.
Yeah. you did time for it.
And Kevin?
What exactly are you asking me?
Oh. I'm not asking you anything.
You're not gonna help me.
so I'm not asking.
Did that do it for Beth?
"I did my time".
Okay.
Just wait a second.
Hold on.
Let's talk.
Sounded good out there.
I think April just asked me
to help her with a robbery.
That's not someone your po
would want you
to associate with.
Still. I got to find some way
to help her.
Not like that.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
You're right.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
Hi officers.
Is there a problem?
Early release. huh?
For good behavior.
Come out.
Let's go!
Step out of the vehicle.
What do you want. zwick?
You know. I...
I don't know what sorts
of thoughts
go through a man's head
when he's locked in a box
for 10 years.
But I just thought I'd pay you
a visit.
You know. bring you up
to speed on a few things.
I'm retiring.
I'm gonna spend my afternoons
playing golf
and getting buzzed on
bud lights.
And I have you to thank partly
for that.
Busting you
and your friend was one
of the things
that got bumped to lieutenant.
But you know.
these gentlemen
are not retiring.
Miller.
please meet detectives Perez
and Jones.
Detectives Perez and Jones.
meet Miller.
Man. you told me to never
breathe a word.
And I didn't.
And I commend you for that.
I do.
I just...
Just hey. come on.
Hey. hey...
I need you to know something.
That if you ever try
and fuck with me in any way.
these gentlemen can and will
make your life miserable.
What are you doing?
We got something.
Well. well. well Miller.
He's a convicted felon. chief.
He had his locksmithing
certification revoked.
Yeah.
but did you actually see him
use the kit though?
I mean. no sir.
but you got to understand.
is this guy here...
Then what the hell is he doing
in my station in cuffs?
Are you out of your mind?
It was zwick.
Oh. come on.
Zwick wasn't anyone near this.
I was making a run for frank.
It's a locksmith Van.
There's equipment in the back.
Then. don't drive around
in a locksmith Van.
They would have pulled me over
if I was on roller blades.
It didn't matter
what I was driving.
Everything matters
at this point. Miller.
You're on parole.
Another mistake and you're done.
Look. next time. detectives.
just use a little due diligence
before you haul someone in here.
Detective Fisher.
Chief.
Mr. Graham.
You can't locksmith
without a certificate.
I know that. sir.
I'm just a handyman.
Yeah. you mentioned that.
But I don't know
if I believe it.
But as there's no evidence
of any illegal activity
on your part.
you're free to go.
But if I ever see you
in this station again.
I will call your parole
officer. you understand that?
I understand.
You're free to go.
Uncuff him.
Okay.
Let's start with having you
come by two times a week.
Twice a week?
Late to your first meeting.
Mr. Graham.
Not a good look.
That's not gonna happen again.
Good.
I'll see you next Monday
on time.
Oh. and grab the cup
on that window outside
with your name on it.
Bathroom's to the left.
When you're done.
put your sample on the tray
with the others.
Yes. ma'am.
Frank. you here?
Yeah.
You missed a job.
Guy said you stood him up.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Some shit came up today
that was beyond my control.
Look. I know you just got out.
But you can't be missing jobs.
They got something called
“yelp” nowadays.
Hey uh.
you think you could take me on
as an actual handyman?
Actual handyman.
Huh.
Okay.
No bump in pay.
There are some benefits.
Yeah?
You get your own special mop
and bucket.
Okay. indie. paw. paw.
Linds. come on!
We're gonna be late.
I'm almost ready.
Shake. good.
Yes. good job.
Ready?
This isn't ready.
Is that what you're wearing
to the party tonight?
I'm not going
to the party tonight.
Allison can't come over.
so I thought you
and I could make some popcorn
and watch a movie.
Why. what's wrong with this?
Nothing.
It looks fine.
Why don't you just ask dad?
I think your father needs just
a little more time
getting settled in.
If he's not busy.
I'm sure he can handle it.
And you can go to the party
and have fun for once.
Fun?
Remind me what that is?
I'll think about it.
Come on. let's go.
Guys. yeah. alright.
Alright. alright.
Lieutenant zwick's work
with this force
has been a deep service
to our community
and I would like to personally
congratulate him
on an incredible career.
Yeah.
Speech!
Um. I'm just...
I'm happy
to have left the streets
of dos caminos a little safer.
And uh.
serving with some of the
borderland's finest
has been the honor
of my lifetime.
And so uh. thank you.
Um. and...
One more thing.
Miller Graham.
the man I put away the night
I was under fire
in the line of duty
has recently been released
from prison.
So uh. watch your six out
there. fellas.
Oh. and of course.
attendance at my party later on
is mandatory. alright.
Fisher. my office.
Beth. with my retirement
we are down a man on vice.
I'd like you to fill that slot.
Wow.
Really. um...
Here you go. boys.
I'm just a little um...
Surprised?
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm not as stupid as I look.
And I'm sure it hasn't always
been easy
having me as a supervisor
given what happened between me
and that asshole ex of yours.
Just consider this my way
of saying.
I always thought you were
good police. Fisher.
Oh well. I...
I can't just drop
my other cases.
Yeah. by the way.
I wouldn't worry too much
about that.
Those will all get transitioned.
This is...
This is the real police work
here. you know.
Beth. these men can't drink
their whisky until you accept.
Then I accept.
Whoo!
There it is.
Ah. there it is.
Alright.
Out of here. all of you.
Thank you.
We'll see you out there. Fisher.
Yes. yes.
Oh. lieutenant. um...
What is it exactly that you'd
like me to jump into?
Oh.
Yeah. just you know.
just really dig
into the case files.
Get a sense of what we're
working on here.
Sir.
Alright.
Hello?
Hey.
Um. there's this thing tonight
at the king of spades.
The cop bar?
Yeah.
I was wondering if you could
pick Lindsay up
from her piano lesson
and spend a little bit
of time with her.
I usually ask the neighbor.
but she's not around.
No. I would love that.
Great.
Okay. so.
you got to go over her homework.
make sure she's done it.
Hold on.
Okay.
Homework.
And no fast food. real dinner.
No fast food.
Okay. what else?
That's it.
Oh.
I can drop her off at your
house after...
Uh no. no. no.
The bar is fine.
Uh. I gotta go.
Okay.
Beth. um...
Yeah?
Thank you.
You bet.
See you next week. okay.
Bye. miss dandus.
Thank you.
Hi. dad.
Hey.
That sounded so good.
Thanks.
Got all your stuff?
Yeah.
Alright. let's bounce.
Okay.
Do you anything you're really
good at?
Hm.
Not really.
What about picking locks?
Mom told me you're the best.
She did. did she?
Mhmmm.
Will you show me?
I see that smile.
Alright.
Give me a couple
of your Bobby pins.
Okay.
Most people think
picking locks
is like mysterious.
But locks are actually kind
of easy to crack.
You don't even need a kit
like I use.
Alright.
so this is your tension lever.
And this is your pick.
So. we're going
to take the tension lever
and stick it in the bottom
of the lock.
Okay. now there's five pins
in this lock.
We're gonna take the pick
and put it in the lock
just above the tension lever.
And we're going to feel
for the pins.
Now. one of the pins is
gonna be harder to push up
than the others.
It's called the "seized pin".
And that's the one
we're looking for.
So...
Okay there.
There. there. there. that guy.
Right now push him up
while you turn the tension lever
and guess what?
Hey.
Oh. looks like someone had fun.
Yeah.
We had a good time.
We did.
Homework is done
and we had a nice dinner.
Great.
And you are my excuse
for a quick exit. so...
Let's get you home. missy.
Okay.
That's a lot of people.
What's the occasion?
Hey. baby?
Yeah?
Why don't you wait in the car?
Sure.
Okay.
Um...
Zwick's retirement.
Mm.
Miller. come on.
I had to go.
Yeah. it's your job.
Well. with zwick out.
there's an opening on vice. so.
And you're taking it?
Yeah.
Anyway. thank you for tonight.
Night.
Miller!
Did uh.
Beth tell you the good news?
That you no longer have a badge?
Yeah. I'm going home
to celebrate.
That's...
That's actually pretty funny.
You know uh.
vice is a dangerous unit.
I mean things happen out there.
okay.
And all you got
are your fellow detectives
to watch your back.
It's a good thing she's got
Perez and Jones.
April. what the hell are you
doing here?
I'm in trouble. Miller.
The man I work for...
Real estate guy?
That's a front.
A front for what?
He runs girls.
So. you're like a...
A call girl.
Don't you dare fucking judge me.
I didn't choose this.
After Kevin died.
I didn't have anyone.
There was no one there
to stop it.
He won't let me go.
Last year. I tried to run
and he beat me so bad
I was in the hospital
for three weeks.
And he's still hurting me.
We have to go to the police now.
No. they're in on it.
Beth's not.
I'm telling you
it is not gonna work.
I need to get out of town.
I need to go somewhere
they will never find me.
And I need money to do it.
You know I can't.
So. you're just gonna
let them keep hurting me?
I swore to myself
when I walked through
those gates
that I'd stay clean
and I'd spend the rest
of my life
making it up to you. Beth.
and Lindsay.
Yeah.
Just not necessarily
in that order.
Hey. that's...
Look. you don't give a shit
about me.
You say you want to make it up
to me.
but just tell me
the fucking truth.
You just care about getting
your real family back.
You're family. too.
No.
Kevin was my real family.
He was the only family
I ever had.
And none of this
would have happened
if he was still alive.
What's the job?
A poker game.
Easy money.
You hit it.
I take the cash.
And I run.
Then you'll
have made it up to me.
It'll just be
a few questions. ma'am.
Hm.
I know this one.
Used to run around
with my friend's younger sister.
Yeah?
Small town.
Zero record
of prostitution arrests
in the last three years.
Like I said. Fisher. small town.
What. people don't pay
for sex in small towns.
Yo. I thought you
said this was a poker game.
It is.
Looks like a whole fucking
party to me.
That's a lot of eyes.
It's nothing you can't handle.
Garrett does this every month.
He dresses up the game
like it's some
classy casino night.
Charges a high buy-in.
the buy-in goes into the pot.
And then he takes a big cut
for hosting.
on top of what he makes
from the girls working
the players all night.
And who are the players?
Execs.
Business types that drive
into town just for the game.
They're definitely not trouble.
So. you take the money.
and I'll meet you back
at frank's
when I'm done for the night.
What's the take?
Half a million dollars.
What?
That's a fucking shit ton
of money.
Yeah.
Enough for me
to start a new life.
So. what about security?
You're looking at it.
Why am I not surprised?
Three years ago.
all these women were picked up
on prostitution charges.
Then arrests dry up.
Okay.
So. we booked them.
they stopped turning
their tricks.
Sounds like a win to me.
No. no.
Come here. look at the files.
Each woman gives the same
street as their address.
The same development.
All owned by Garrett field.
Okay. so I'm not following.
Well. maybe you're right.
Maybe they all just found
different forms of occupation.
Or. maybe whoever
they're working for
just got a little bit better
at hiding it.
Wo Go high. boys.
Piece.
Where are we going?
WoWe should have some privacy.
Like that.
Yeah.
Shit!
Fuck.
I'm so sorry.
Let me see that.
Um. let me help you.
I'll help you carry it.
It was an accident.
Do you know how embarrassing...
Get over here and sit.
Ow!
You're hurting me.
Man 2:
Thank you.
Come on!
Let go!
Hey.
You better know how
to use that thing.
You're gonna need it
to get out of here.
What are you doing?
You... you got the money!
Don't be stupid.
There are 30 people out there.
You pull that trigger.
you'll be dead before
you reach the door.
Who are you?
Hey. stop right there!
Freeze!
Hey. stay calm. man.
You!
Back off
or I'll blow
her fucking brains out.
Let me go!
You don't wanna do this. man.
I said back off!
Be the smart guy.
We can all walk away from this.
Come on.
Hey. hey. hey!
Fuck!
Enjoying your cocktail?
Useless!
And where the hell were you?
He overpowered me.
Really?
You got something
to say about that?
Just save it.
Just find out who he is
and get my money back.
Fucking...
Hey. it's April.
Leave me a message.
Shit!
April?
Please tell me your father
didn't teach you that?
I saw it on YouTube.
Yeah. right!
Hand 'em over
before I throw you
in the slammer!
Oh no. not the slammer.
Eat your breakfast.
Okay.
Tanya?
Beth.
Long time.
Yeah.
Uh. linds.
why didn't you finish
getting ready for school?
Uh. take indie.
Come on. indie.
Thank you.
Come on in.
There you go.
Thanks.
Um. so April and I.
we work together.
you know like um...
Entertaining.
At first. I really liked it.
You know. I had nice things.
A home. car.
So. when Garrett asked me
to April about it.
I just did.
You mean. Garrett field.
the real estate developer?
Yeah.
And I mean I wouldn't have
asked April about it.
if I knew that it was gonna
turn into what it did.
You know. the car
and the clothes;
none of its ours.
He even puts us up
in these nice places.
but he owns them all. you know.
If any of us ever try
to get out.
it would be bad.
Here. I want to show you
something.
I don't know what'll happen
if he finds out I took these.
April's been having a lot
of issues with Garrett.
The other day she shows me
these bruises on her arm.
And then last night I hear
what sounds like a break-in
at her apartment.
And now. she's just...
Gone.
This morning I see Miller going
into her place.
Miller?
Are you sure?
It was him.
Shit.
This is a job April asked you
to pull.
Are you insane?
I can explain...
No. that's a serious question
I'm asking
and I need an answer.
Are you out of your mind?
They took her.
She's missing.
Oh.
Oh. I'm...
I'm trying to understand.
why you would get yourself
involved in something like this?
Do you want to go back
to prison?
They're hurting her. frank.
She showed me the bruises.
Okay. this girls needs
to get out of town
and this was the only way
she could think of
to get the money.
The part I'm missing is.
you explaining how
that's your responsibility.
'Cause I owe her.
What am I supposed to do
just let her get killed?
Look. I know you have
a tough choice to make.
But you made the wrong one.
You gotta go to Beth.
She's the one you owe.
Take this cash back.
Tell her to go find April.
And let her do her job.
It's not that simple.
Zwick's involved.
Well. that's even more
of a reason
why you need to tell her
to watch your back.
It's too dangerous.
Trust me.
she's safer not knowing.
I gotta handle this on my own.
You better hope
that you find her
before they find you.
Just gonna go back to Garrett's.
She's there. I know it.
Can I please just keep this
in the safe for one night?
I want it out by morning.
Okay.
After this I'm done. I promise.
What the hell happened here?
I caught this
one with half her take
stuffed in the bottom
of her purse.
So. you beat her half to death?
You want me to
protect your money or not?
Just not the face. zwick.
Why do you keep doing this?
She's worthless to me
for what. a month?
That is coming out of your end.
Bullshit it's
coming out of my end...
I don't have time for this.
Just take the girls back
to the development.
Perez and Jones will
make sure they get back alright.
You and I. we're having a talk.
Garrett is nasty.
But uh.
when he wants something done.
it's usually one of those three.
So. I couldn't go
to anyone else.
Beth. can you help her?
I'm gonna try.
Hey Miller?
Yo.
You got a sec?
Yeah. of course.
Can I get you something?
Beer. or water?
Uh. I'm on duty.
Thanks though.
Hey. have you seen April at all
since you were released?
No.
No?
Why is something wrong?
Well. Tanya.
you remember Tanya. right?
Yeah.
She lives across the street
from April.
Thinks she saw something
the other night.
So. I stopped by April's.
no one answered.
So...
Hm.
I'm sure she's fine.
You want to tell me
what really went down
the day Perez
and Jones pulled you over?
Exactly what you think.
I was an idiot.
I was driving around with a Van
that says locksmith on the side.
Miller. I know.
You know what?
I know they're dirty.
The reason I fell in love
with you.
it's because you do anything
for the people you care about.
That's also the reason
I let you go.
'Cause I know the way
your mind works. Miller.
And I came here to tell you.
that if you know anything
about what's going on.
you gotta stay out of it.
Okay.
But I really don't know
what you're talking about.
You gotta stay out of it.
Promise.
Okay.
Oh uh. you taught Lindsay
how to pick my handcuffs?
Uh. not directly.
'Cause she's really good at it.
Well. you've done a hell
of a job with her.
You know.
it's been nice seeing the two
of you
spend some time together.
She missed you.
I'll see you.
See ya.
What's in the envelope?
Just some narcotics stats
stern wanted me to chase.
Fisher?
With this
and Tanya Saunders' testimony.
we have enough to implicate
all of them.
Tanya Saunders is a prostitute.
Sir. with all due respect...
Now you and I are gonna
investigate this.
I'm gonna need to bring this
to state police.
I wanna be well-armed
for that conversation.
In the meantime.
we got a potential
missing person's case.
Uh. can you find me
another witness.
besides Tanya?
I mean is there anyone else
that might know something
about this
that you can talk to
without kicking up any dust?
Let me give it some thought.
sir.
Okay.
Uh. Beth?
Yeah?
Thanks for bringing this to me.
We have a lot of cops
on the other side of that door
who will not feel the same way.
You understand what I'm trying
to say?
Well. the cat burglar returns
to the scene of the crime.
You're not big on doorbells.
huh?
You've got some meaty balls
for a coward in a mask.
Why don't you take
that thing off
and tell me
where my fucking money is?
If you let her go.
I'll make sure you get it back.
Drink?
I said let her go.
I heard you.
I just have no fucking idea
what you're talking about.
Where's my money?
April reyes.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Easy. we're talking.
Help me understand.
Obviously. you've realized
you're over your head.
And you want to give me
my money back.
Where does April fit in?
I know you have her.
I came here to make a trade.
but I'm running out of Patience.
Alright.
Money for April reyes?
The girl you used
as a human shield?
I can make that deal.
I don't... I don't have her!
Where is she?
Please...
I don't... I don't know.
Stop it.
I was fucking lying.
I was... I was just stalling.
I don't have her.
Then who does?
I don't know.
Zwick!
I told him to get
to the bottom of this.
If she's a part of it.
he probably has her.
That's your cue.
Fuck. zwick!
Doesn't anybody use
the goddamn doorbell anymore?
What the hell happened to you?
The guy who hit the game.
The fucking psycho actually
came back.
was asking about...
April reyes.
You believe that?
Oh yeah.
You uh. get a good look at him?
Some piece of shit locksmith
did a job for me
over the heavenly arches
development.
Yeah. Miller Graham.
What's with the gloves?
What the fuck is this?
You know it never really made
sense to me.
In a way.
Why am I working for you?
Is this about money?
I'll get you more money.
Eh.
I want it all.
Ian. buddy...
That's not very reasonable.
I know.
I thought you were looking
for April.
What the hell happened to you?
He didn't have her.
But I think I know who does.
Zwick.
No. it's time to go to Beth.
Just give her the money
and hopefully she can get you
out of this.
I don't think April has
that kind of time.
Miller.
We tried it your way.
Your way made things worse.
I know it did.
But if Beth gets any closer
to zwick on this.
he's gonna kill her.
We know what he's capable of.
I just need to think.
I think someone decided for you.
You sure it's here. man?
Maybe he took it home with him.
No. it's here.
I'd seen him put it in the desk.
He's gonna know
it was us. Hector.
It's alright. man.
We need answers.
Let's go see what that snitch
was so eager to show stern.
And this one right here.
You're very good.
I'll move my little horsey...
Gallop. gallop. gallop. boof.
She needed help.
So. you helped her
with a robbery?
They were gonna kill her.
They probably already have.
Look. I have evidence on all
of them.
I can take this to the da.
but I need you
to tell me everything.
And I need you to go on record.
No.
Bad idea.
Garrett could have half
the department in his pocket.
Stern's clean.
Please tell me you
didn't tell him anything.
Of course. I told him.
Oh. no...
Well. then you gotta go to him
and convince him to drop it.
Oh. what?
So. you can keep taking care
of things?
'Cause that's working out
real well.
No. Miller. fuck it!
You're out!
Beth. that night.
The reason why I had
to take the deal.
Zwick planted that gun.
What are you talking about?
He murdered Kevin.
I swear to god it's true.
Did April know?
No.
Just me and frank.
And I couldn't tell you.
because you guys were in danger.
Zwick made threats.
Okay.
You gotta trust me.
Do you still have the money?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's material evidence.
I can take it directly
to stern tonight.
If I cooperate.
there's a lot that's gonna
come out about me.
It's the only way.
If you help us.
maybe we can work something out.
Yeah.
♪ Up above... ♪
- ♪... the moon so high ♪
- ♪ like a diamond in the sky ♪
- ♪ twinkle twinkle little star ♪
- ♪ how I wonder what you are ♪
Bravo!
Hey. we could be a duet.
Yeah.
That'd be good.
Okay.
It's your move.
You've always had a way
with her. frank.
Even when she was a baby.
Well. yeah. she's family.
So are you.
You be careful out there.
You keep an eye
on my little girl.
Hey.
Yeah. it's done.
Listen I'm gonna call in some
anonymous tip to the station
about a disturbance
at Garrett's house.
- I need you...
- Did you...
Listen to me!
You two need to figure out a
way to plant that gun on Miller
and get the money
before homicide brings him in.
Didn't see my texts. did you?
I didn't see what?
What the fuck are these?
Fisher gave 'em to stern.
There... there's audio. too.
Listen.
What the hell happened here?
I caught this
one with half her take
stuffed in the bottom
of her purse.
So. you beat her half to deat?
You want me to
protect your money or not?
Just not the face. zwick.
Why do you keep doing this?
- She's worthless to me...
-  Jesus. fuck!
Alright. alright. alright!
Alright!
Enough!
Stern heard this. too?
It was on a drive that
we pulled from his desk drawe.
Motherfucker!
Goddamn it!
That snake Garrett was
cooperating with Fisher.
I told you we should have
taken him out months ago!
What do we do?
Well. if stern's heard this.
so it's a little too late.
isn't it?
Okay.
So. uh. you two get over
to frank's shop.
Grab the cash.
Kill Miller if you have to.
but I don't give a fuck.
Kill anybody. alright.
Just grab the fucking money.
We're gonna need it.
Meet back here at the motel
when you're done.
You said that after we took
care of Garrett.
the money was mine.
Yeah. well. plans change.
And if you want to see so much
as a fucking dollar.
you'll help me make sure Perez
and Jones get Miller.
So. you're a private detective?
I didn't know they existed
except in books.
Or else they were
greasy little men...
I'm not very tall either.
Next time I'll come on stilts.
wear a white tie.
and carry a tennis racket.
I doubt if even that would help.
Frank's locksmith co.
Miller. it's April.
Where the hell have you been?
- I've been calling...
- It's April.
Can you hear me? Miller?
Yes. April.
I can hear you.
- Daddy!
- Frank! Get her!
Lindsay!
Get down here.
Be quiet.
Give up the money.
Miller. this can all go away.
It's not here.
Frank. where's the other guy?
There's another?
Frank!
Daddy!
It's over. Miller.
All units. All units.
A shooting just occurred
at 457 monte vista Avenue.
Shit!
Multiple shots fired.
- Daddy. help me.
- Shut up!
Where's the money?
It's not here.
Please.
Where is it?
Beth has it.
She's driving it
to stern's right now.
Daddy. help me!
It's gonna be okay. Lindsay.
I promise.
For your sake.
you better hope she brings
it back.
Please. man.
I'm begging you.
Lindsay!
Frank!
Frank. you still here?
- Beth. they took her.
- No!
- But we're gonna get her back!
- No. no. no. no.
No. no. no...
Whose blood is that?
It's frank's.
he's dead.
Frank?
He's dead?
How could you let this happen?
It's April's fault.
She's working with them
and they took her.
No.
All they want is the money.
We get the money to them.
they'll let her go.
You got my money?
I have it.
Where do I meet you?
Abandoned stone yard
off lohman Avenue.
You can't miss it.
You can't afford to.
We're gonna get her.
Oh my god.
I promise you.
we're gonna get her back.
Handcuffs?
That's a nice touch.
She's 12.
Yeah. well. you never know.
Wait. Jones?
Got you a little present.
Where are you going?
Huh?
Hey!
What the fuck is this?
She's just a kid.
This was never part of the plan.
You want to get out of here?
We need leverage.
God. you make me sick.
Oh. don't be so naive.
You knew what
you were getting into.
I'm going for a smoke.
Hey. look at this.
Day's end motel.
That's down the street
from where you're meeting zwick.
Alright.
So. you go get Lindsay.
I'll try to stall zwick
as long as I can.
No.
April is the one who got
Lindsay taken
in the first place.
We can't trust her.
She was after me.
She didn't even know
Lindsay was there.
Zwick has no reason
to keep you alive.
If you can save Lindsay.
it's all that matters.
You haven't heard anything
about that bomb. have you?
That happened
on your side of the border.
In a place
like this you hear things.
I heard the explosion.
Yeah.
Well. this case is over.
Easy now. Miller.
Easy.
Where's my daughter?
Nearby.
Don't do anything stupid.
You hand her over to me.
and the money's yours.
Yeah.
I think you got your order
of operations
all fucked up there.
How do I know you're not gonna
kill me?
You don't.
Does your intuition
also tell you about my wife?
Wife?
She was accosted on
the street a little while ago
and led across to some dive
on your side of the border.
Hmm.
The vargas family
seems to be getting into
quite a lot of trouble tonigh.
Can you describe this man?
A little.
Well. the first one seems...
Not exactly.
April?
Zwick?
Come on.
Let's go.
Get the money.
It's in here.
Well. get it out.
Come on.
Quit stalling.
One phone call.
we'll be talking
about your little girl
in the past tense.
I got shot in the leg. asshole!
April!
Where you at?
Let's go.
Throw the gun over here.
You think I'm a fucking idiot?
I think you're out of options.
I think we're both out
of options.
Stern knows everything.
I will make this phone call
right fucking now.
Throw that gun over here.
Okay.
There you go.
Finally.
No. no. no.
Put your hands up.
Up... up where I can see 'em.
Come on. come on.
April?
Hey!
Kid. stop!
Come back!
Lindsay!
Come here.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- I'm okay.
Okay.
Stay close to me.
Yeah. super tight.
Now. I need you
to sit down here. baby.
Close your eyes.
Lindsay. stand up. baby.
Okay. come with me.
You see that car?
Yeah.
Okay.
- We need to get into it.
- Okay.
Okay?
Get down. baby.
Where are we going. mom?
To save your father.
How'd you convince April
to do this?
Ah. Miller.
It was her idea.
You're lying.
Why would she work with you?
Well. we do have one thing
in common.
We both hate you.
Lock the doors behind me
and don't let anyone in here
either than me or your dad.
Okay?
And then faking her kidnapping.
Ah. there you go.
That was genius.
Led you straight to Garrett.
Oh. you haven't heard?
Garrett's dead.
You killed him.
That's right Miller.
She would keep all that money.
And I will take over.
But here we are.
I never believed
what you said about Kevin.
But April...
My brother wouldn't
pull a gun on anyone.
No.
Jesus Christ.
April.
I thought that you...
You thought what. Miller?
Zwick might have pulled
the trigger that night.
but Kevin never would
have been there
if it weren't for you.
And now you get to walk?
You get to start over
and have a family.
Come on.
You don't have to do this.
I want to do this.
You and the monster
that murdered my brother
kill each other
in a pile of rocks.
That's what happens.
April!
Put the gun down.
Put it down.
You helped us find Lindsay.
You've done a good thing.
I'm sorry.
I never meant
to get Lindsay involved.
I know.
April. you're right.
I did get Kevin killed
that night.
It was my fault.
And I thought about it everyday
for the last 10 years.
He was my best friend.
I can't change what happened.
I wish I could.
And I know
I fucked everything up.
Including you.
And I'm sorry.
Two jobs. Mr. Graham.
I'm impressed.
Your employers speak highly
of you.
Gotta get that
college fund started.
How is she?
There's uh. good days
and bad days.
Mhmmm.
It's gonna take time.
But she's gonna be alright.
Yeah. I hope so.
Detective Fisher.
Chief?
Well. there'll be more pomp
and circumstance.
but figured
I should tell you now.
Congratulations. lieutenant.
Thank you.